Weblate client documentation reworked (#3481)
WeblateOrg/weblate: docs/wlc.rst

Description
+++++++++++

Weblate Client is a Python library and command-line utility to manage Weblate remotely
using :ref:`api`. The command-line utility can be invoked as :command:`wlc` and is
built on :mod:`wlc`.

> Global options

Author: ```suggestion
Instance wide options
```

--------------

> The program accepts the following global options, which must be entered before any subcommand.

Author: ```suggestion
The program accepts the following options for a whole instance, which must be entered before any subcommand.
```

> .. option:: --format {csv,json,text,html}

Author: ```suggestion
.. option:: --format {CSV,JSON,text,HTML}
```

Reviewer: As this is what can be specified on the command line, I'd stick with lower case (and I'm not sure if uppercase will work here, probably not).

        Supported since wlc 0.5.

    Locks component from further translation in Weblate.

.. option:: unlock

    .. versionadded:: 0.5

        Supported since wlc 0.5.

    Unlocks translation of Weblate component.

.. option:: changes

    .. versionadded:: 0.7

        Supported since wlc 0.7 and Weblate 2.10.

    Displays changes for a given object.

.. option:: download

    .. versionadded:: 0.7

        Supported since wlc 0.7.

    Downloads a translation file.

    .. option:: --convert

        Converts file format, if unspecified no conversion happens on the server
        and the file is downloaded as is to the repository.

    .. option:: --output

>         Specifies file to save output in, if left unspecified output is printed to stdout.

Author: ```suggestion
        Specifies file to save output in, if left unspecified it is printed to stdout.
```

.. option:: upload

    .. versionadded:: 0.9

        Supported since wlc 0.9.

    Uploads a translation file.

    .. option:: --overwrite

        Overwrite existing translations upon uploading.

    .. option:: --input

>         File from which content is read, if left unspecified the input is read from stdin.

Author: Not sure this should be file 
```suggestion
        File from which content is read, if left unspecified it is read from stdin.
```
